Clean up intro; add quickstart guide (#81)
teamkeel/docs: pages/index.mdx

# Keel Documentation

Welcome to the Keel documentation, your comprehensive guide to the all-in-one backend platform.

If you're new and eager to jump in quickly, start with our [quickstart](/quickstart) guide to set up your development environment. The rest of our documentation here should guide you toward learning how to leverage Keel to rapidly build your scalable product.

## AI assistance

We've built an AI assistant called [KeelGPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-0xwNB1Azt-keelgpt) to help you build on Keel. With it, you can:

> - Create Keel schemas with Generative AI (GenAI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create Keel schemas with Generative AI
```

- Get help on your existing schemas
- Ask for help on any Keel topic

> To use this assistant, you'll need to be a ChatGPT Plus subscriber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this assistant you do need to be a ChatGPT Plus subscriber.
```
